1Q:In this Exercise, you learned how to use if-elif-else statements to run different tasks based on conditions that you define. Now practice that skill by writing a script for a simple travel app using an if-elif-else statement for the following situation:  
The script should ask the user where they want to travel. 
The user’s input should be checked for 3 different travel destinations that you define. 
If the user’s input is one of those 3 destinations, the following statement should be printed: “Enjoy your stay in ______!”
If the user’s input is something other than the defined destinations, the following statement should be printed: “Oops, that destination is not currently available.”
A:
destination = input("Where would you like to travel? ")

if destination.lower() == "japan":
    print("Enjoy your stay in Japan!")
elif destination.lower() == "italy":
    print("Enjoy your stay in Italy!")
elif destination.lower() == "brazil":
    print("Enjoy your stay in Brazil!")
else:
    print("Oops, that destination is not currently available.")

2Q: Imagine you’re at a job interview for a Python developer role. The interviewer says “Explain logical operators in Python”. Draft how you would respond.
A: Logical operators are used in Python to check multiple conditions at once. The main ones are and, or, and not. The and operator means both conditions must be true. The or operator means only one of the conditions needs to be true. The not operator flips the condition, so if something is true, it makes it false, and vice versa. These operators help make decisions in your code more flexible and powerful.

3Q: What are functions in Python? When and why are they useful?
A: Functions in Python are a way to group code that does a specific task. You can write a function once and then use it whenever you need it, which helps you avoid repeating code. They also make your programs more organized and easier to understand. Functions are really helpful when your code starts to get longer or more complex, because they let you break it down into smaller, reusable pieces.

4Q: In the section for Exercise 1 in this Learning Journal, you were asked in question 3 to set some goals for yourself while you complete this course.  In preparation for your next mentor call, make some notes on how you’ve progressed towards your goals so far.
A: In Question 3 of Exercise 1.2, I said I wanted to become more confident writing Python code and start building full projects. I also said I was interested in using Python for data and automation.
So far, I’ve learned about data types, if-else logic, and how to write simple scripts. I’m getting more comfortable using Python to solve small tasks, and it’s starting to make more sense. I haven’t built a full project yet, but I’m definitely moving in the right direction and learning step by step.
